[AEA-722] connections readme added (#1553)
fetchai/agents-aea: packages/fetchai/connections/webhook/readme.md

# Webhook connection

> A http webhook connection which registers a webhook and waits for incoming requests. It generates messages based on webhook requests received and forwards them to the agent.

Reviewer: HTTP, upper case

Reviewer: "an HTTP webhook", not "a HTTP webhook".

> # Webhook connection
> http webhook connection. one direction connection, only generates messages based on webhook requests received.
> 
> ## Usage
> register webhooks and await for incoming messages with requests sent to webhook selected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Webhook connection
A http webhook connection which registers a webhook and waits for incoming requests. It generates messages based on webhook requests received and forwards them to the agent.

## Usage
First, add the connection to your AEA project: `aea add connection fetchai/webhook:0.4.0`. Then ensure the `config` in `connection.yaml` matches your need. In particular, set `webhook_address`, `webhook_port` and `webhook_url_path` appropriately.
```
